Below agent My name is Grace Hopper.
I'm the daughter of the director and leader of the so-called rogues.
Thanks to your tireless efforts those of us in the resistance have finally been able to come out from
the shadows.
My own mission began back when during a field mission I uncovered incriminating information that led
me to believe my own mother may have been corrupted by the power of the Institute.
Over time I discovered she was using the institute's resources to further her own interests selling
Institute secrets to the highest bidder regardless of their morals or who could be harmed.
I knew that I could not let this continue.
But I also knew that my mother was now aware of my discoveries and it wasn't safe for me to return.
So I went into hiding.
While in hiding I enlisted the help of a group of trusted agents to undermine her efforts.
Now thanks to you we've been able to achieve our greatest goal revealing the truth.
With any luck we should soon be able to restore the institute to its former greatness.
There is one last thing in all the chaos of the rainbow missions.
It appears the director has evaded capture and is now on the run.
I have spoken with agents Anita and Alan and they speak very highly of your abilities.
If anyone can be trusted to track her down.
It's you.
So what do you say.
Are you ready for your next mission.